# PCDA-main
## Abstract{The precise classification of remote sensing images is crucial for applications such as disaster monitoring, land use planning, and national security. Since effective classification models often rely on large, well-annotated datasets, the remote sensing field faces two persistent challenges: the limited availability of labeled data and the domain shifts that hinder model generalization. Existing approaches primarily include data generation-based domain adaptation schemes and large model-based zero-shot learning methods. The former synthesizes target domain samples via Generative Adversarial Networks(GANs) to address the source-free domain adaptation problem, but consequently introduces significant noise interference and the latter excessively relies on the generalization capability of large models, but this capability is constrained by the inherent long-tailed distribution characteristic in remote sensing scene classification tasks, failing to be fully exploited. To overcome these limitations, we propose Pseudo-label Correction Domain Adaptation (PCDA), a novel framework that addresses both data privacy and domain/category shifts more effectively without source data. We propose to generate class-strategy-adaptive pseudo-prototypes instead of dataset generation to reduce training costs while introducing source domain knowledge. And design a pseudo-label correction mechanism which dynamically optimizes pseudo-labels, effectively reducing the interference of pseudo-label uncertainty in model training, thereby enhancing model robustness. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves remarkable average classification accuracies of $88.1\%$, $82.7\%$, $71.7\%$, and $75.6\%$ in the R-U, R-A, R-N, and A-N dataset pairs, respectively.
